docs: refactor profile README (#9)
openebs/.github: profile/README.md

<!--- [![OpenEBS Social Banner](https://github.com/openebs/website/blob/HEAD/website/public/images/png/openebs_github_main_banner_HERO_1.png)](https://www.openebs.io/) -->
[![OpenEBS Social Banner](https://github.com/openEBS/community/blob/HEAD/images/forest-road-game-pixel-art_HERO_banner.png)](https://www.openebs.io/)

| Quick links  |  [``` OpenEBS Website ```](https://www.openebs.io/)  |  [``` OpenEBS Docs ```](https://www.openebs.io/docs)  | [``` Main Repo ```](https://github.com/openebs/openebs) |  [``` Community Repo ```](https://github.com/openebs/community) |  [``` Community Meeting ```](https://github.com/openebs#monthly-community-meetings) |

---

## Overview

### What is OpenEBS?

> OpenEBS is an open-source Container Native Storage solution that provides persistent storage for Kubernetes workloads. It enables dynamic provisioning of storage resources using containerized storage controllers, making it highly flexible and cloud-native. OpenEBS supports various storage engines, including LocalPVs for direct node storage and Replicated PV advanced data replication and resilience. It is desiganed to integrate seamlessly with Kubernetes, offering benefits like storage policies, reize, thin-provisiong, snapshots, and restore capabilities, making it an ideal choice for stateful applications.

Reviewer: typo - resize

Reviewer: Missing 'for' in "and Replicated PV for advanced data replication and resilience."
typo - designed
typo - thin-provisioning

| **Data Availability**       | Limited to the node where the volume is provisioned; not suitable for high-availability requirements.| Synchronously replicates data across multiple nodes, ensuring high availability and durability. |
| **Use Cases**               | Ideal for applications managing their own replication and availability, such as distributed databases like MongoDB and Cassandra. | Suitable for stateful workloads requiring storage-level replication and high availability, like Percona/ Standalone DBs, and GitLab. |
| **Performance**             | Provides near-disk performance with minimal overhead. | Designed for high performance, leveraging NVMe-oF semantics for low-latency access. |
| **Limitations**             | Not highly available; node failure leads to data unavailability. | Requires sufficient resources (CPU, RAM, NVMe) for optimal performance. |
| **Snapshot and Cloning**    | Supported when backed by advanced filesystems like LVM or ZFS. | Supported, providing enterprise storage capabilities. |
| **Backup and Restore**      | Supported via Velero, using Restic for local volumes. | Supported via Velero, ensuring data protection and recovery.|

> In summary, choose **Local Storage** when your application can manage its own replication and high availability, and **Replicated Storage** when you require storage-level replication and enhanced data durability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In summary, **Local Storage** is a good choice when your application can manage its own replication and high availability, and **Replicated Storage** when you require storage-level replication and enhanced data durability.
```

> In summary, **Local Storage** is a good choice when your application can manage its own replication and high availability, and **Replicated Storage** when you require storage-level replication and enhanced data durability.

Reviewer: storage-level replication, enhanced data durability and network-based storage access.

> Below are the subprojects or the major storage solutions under the OpenEBS Umbrella. Visit the individual repositories to learn more about their usage and architecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are the sub-projects or the major storage solutions under the OpenEBS Umbrella. Visit the individual repositories to learn more about their usage and architecture.
```

| Designed for | Developers or DevOps | ZFS users and production deployments | LVM2 users and production deployments | Developers | Enterprises and production deployments |
| Features | Everything in Kubernetes HostPath, plus: - Dynamic provisioning, Zero configuration, No CSI driver | Provision ZFS datasets, Provision ZFS volumes, Dynamic provisioning, ZFS resilience, ZFS RAID protection, CSI driver | Provision LVM2 volumes, Dynamic provisioning, LVM2 RAID protection, CSI driver | Provision file system from local files as persistent volumes, CSI driver | Replicated storage NVMe / RDMA, Snapshots, Clones, High availability, CSI driver|
| Status | Stable, deployable in PROD  | Stable, deployable in PROD  | Stable, deployable in PROD  | Beta, undergoing evaluation & integration | Stable, deployable in PROD  |

> | Current Version | [![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/openebs/dynamic-localpv-provisioner/all.svg?style=flat-square)]() | ![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/openebs/zfs-localpv/all.svg?style=flat-square) | [![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/openebs/lvm-localpv/all.svg?style=flat-square)]() | [release v0.80](https://github.com/openebs/rawfile-localpv/releases/tag/0.8.0) | [![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/openebs/Mayastor/all.svg?style=flat-square)]() |

Reviewer: Is it possible to include 'experimental' for raw-file?

Author: I have added the word experimental in description. Let me add it to the header as well.

|  5  |  NDM              | Node Local storage   | ```deprecated``` & has been ```Migrated``` to [OpenEBS Archive](https://github.com/openebs-archive/node-disk-manager) | 29 Apr, 2024 |
|  6  |  +43 other repos & projects<BR>(Total Repos migrated: 49)| 66% of Project's repos have been Archived  | Please see the [OpenEBS Archive org](https://github.com/openebs-archive/) | 29 Apr, 2024 |

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=openebs/openebs&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#openebs/openebs&Date)

## OpenEBS is a [CNCF Sandbox Project](https://www.cncf.io/projects/openebs)

> ![OpenEBS is a CNCF Incubating Project](https://github.com/cncf/artwork/blob/main/other/cncf/horizontal/color/cncf-color.png)

Reviewer 2: huh?

Author: Oops! Fixed.
